I was over at Bethlehem the other day
right and this dude was like yo Jesus
let me wash your feet wash my feet why
you some sort of bag Jesus that word is
very very hurtful you wanna know is
hurtful Judas get it fucked in the ass
now that's herp so if you gay and you
can't handle the word then you show
ain't gonna handle no dick tell you that
right now
lord have mercy Jesus Christ were you
born out of stable oh I see I got a
feeling that one of y'all is gonna
betray me there's a lot of hater ISM
going on at this table right about now
Jesus if you are talking to me you can
just go ahead and say it directly to me
you don't need to speak in Paris yeah
I'm talking to you all you do is talk
shit oh oh oh I taught the fucked up at
if you haven't stopped talking since we
started you mean cramping my style dude
actually did have never stopped talking
and motherfucker brawler blood once in a
while is share some food and break some
bread but now here come Judas wanna talk
all that shit blah blah blah we should
be doing the God's will motherfucker I
am Jesus I talk all the shit I want to
talk it's my will so how you gonna tell
me
Jesus was good or not I am good it's all
good
always picking on me he talking shit I
try to live by your word talking she's
all you doing is you the great age
change it Judas
I don't know why why else say something
else why why are you always picking on
me Lee you better shut the fuck up why
why are you always picking who then shut
the fuck up or Alfred else were you best
to shut the fuck up or else or else what
else
or else what